some bitch working I hope so
what's happening guys it is Monday it's
Labor Day and we are not at the HEC
impacts awkward hack impact shop jr.
word we're at home in my garage son of a
bitch
one of you just emailed me a little
while ago about a compressor and can you
do bodywork with a small compressor my
recommendation no I picked up this
little black thing here when I moved
into this house just to pump up players
and stuff I got it really cheap used it
was like 40 bucks I paid for it and that
thing isn't worth the crap
yesterday I was shooting the poop with
my grandfather and he says hey somebody
gave me a compressor and it doesn't
really work that well I don't know what
the deal is he says but if you want to
take it take it now this is a nice
compressor can you do bodywork with this
compressor it's only neat what a four
and a half gallon okay
it is 6.0 CFM which really isn't gonna
keep up with a da okay I mean you need
probably at least like eight to keep up
with a da maybe even a little bit more
alright this is only at 90 psi now I got
this thing cranked up so it shuts off at
about 150 psi um can you do bodywork
with it if it's a little job I'd say
yeah greenlight it go ahead okay I hope
the da up to it the air hoses leak a
little bit I even it's a very new air
hose I haven't tightened up the couplers
or I put any pipe built bottom yet but
we're gonna plug this thing back in now
obviously it's leaking so that the tank
is is dropping down it's down to about
almost a hundred pounds now or just just
over 100 so let's plug it in let it
build up
the pressure shuts off we're going to
fire up the DA how much
we're just a regular little crappy da
pretty quick
whole tomorrow I think
she's not going to help it
very excited
a little bit bigger we need a 30-gallon
it looks like about a hundred and
roughly hundred fifty pounds let's fire
up this do you watch that thing dropped
all right
so you've seen how quick that dropped
off my recommendation for bodywork
probably not for impact gun maybe air
ratchet stuff with short burst I think
it would be just fine but for running a
DA or even a cut-off wheel unless it's
this very small paint gun I wouldn't do
it unless like I said you're doing a
thunder and you're gonna have a lot of
downtime because you got to wait for
this thing to build up my recommendation
for at home all right if you plan on
doing a car at home you need at least a
30 gallon I mean I when I had a Mobil
paint business in Florida I went around
to car dealerships and painted right in
her parking lots back in the day when I
lived down there about five years six
years ago that was my business I went
around a nice time and went to all these
car Lots I had new car Lots they had
used-car Lots at about 10-12 accounts
and every day I'd go to two or three
different dealerships and do bumpers
mirrors things like that yeah that was a
good business that was a good living too
and the air compressor used the NAP
truck was a 15 gallon
okay it was a good compressor and it was
fine for doing the little jobs but I
couldn't run a DA for more than two
three minutes at a time even with that
if you plan on painting a whole car at
home yeah at least at least one a 4 to 5
horse compressor at least in at least a
30 gallon tank that's about the best
advice I can give you with an air
compressor so hopefully this video helps
you guys a little bit with the air
compressor issues da they're just a
crappy little Harbor Freight about a
year old da all right good hutchins or
anything like that that actually does if
most cases use a little bit more air
okay so I would suggest at least a 30
gallon it at least the four horse
alright hope y'all have a goody-goody
thanks for watching later guys I'm happy
whatever that data is Labor Day it's
Labor Day son of a bitch
later alright where the hell is the off
button now look at that Jeep oh such a
pretty Jeep fire mop alright we're not
got in this video yet fire them up son
of a bitch
yeah
we'll all up be inside later for the
hell's off that off now that ain't off
that's